Narakeet helps you create narrated videos quickly.
You can now automatically create poster images, to use as covers or
thumbnails when publishing videos.
When making a video from a presentation, just edit the settings, and
look for the poster setting at the bottom.
Narakeet can create the poster image from the first or last frame, or
for videos that have an intro or outro section, use an image close to
the start or the end.
When the video build completes, click the "Get Poster" button at the
bottom.
Your browser will download the poster image to the local device, so
you can easily publish it with your video.
Users that create videos from Markdown scripts or using our API can
set the poster image using the poster time header.
To create text-to-speech videos and audio files with more than 600
voices in 90 languages, check out Narakeet.com.